README.rst, before:

Installation
============

Here are the steps I went through to install formhub in Ubuntu
10.04. First, I set up a new virtual environment:

    sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv

    cd ~/Documents

    mkdir virtual_environments

    cd virtual_environments

    virtualenv --no-site-packages formhub

    source formhub/bin/activate

Second, I cloned the repo:

    cd ~/Documents

    git clone git@github.com:modilabs/formhub.git

Install the requirements:

    cd formhub

    pip install -r requirements.pip

If you don't already have a Java Runtime Environment installed this is
necessary for running ODK Validate. A *.jar file used to validate
XForms.

    sudo apt-get install default-jre

To create a database for your development server do the following:

    python manage.py syncdb

    python manage.py migrate

And now you should be ready to run the server:

    python manage.py runserver

Running Tests and Contributing
==============================

To run tests enter the following:

    python manage.py test

If you would like to contribute code please read:

https://github.com/modilabs/formhub/wiki/Contributing-Code-to-Formhub

Code Structure
==============

* odk_logger - This app serves XForms to ODK Collect and receives
  submissions from ODK Collect. This is a stand alone application.

* odk_viewer - This app provides a
  csv and xls export of the data stored in odk_logger. This app uses a
  data dictionary as produced by pyxform. It also provides a map and
  single survey view.

* main - This app is the glue that brings odk_logger and odk_viewer
  together.

In general, I think breaking these pieces into separate applications
has been a mistake. I think we should move to having all of the code
for formhub in a single Django application.

Commit message:

Added instructions to install sample data into the README (Issue #240)

README.rst, after:

Installation
============

Here are the steps I went through to install formhub in Ubuntu
10.04. First, I set up a new virtual environment:

    sudo apt-get install python-virtualenv

    cd ~/Documents

    mkdir virtual_environments

    cd virtual_environments

    virtualenv --no-site-packages formhub

    source formhub/bin/activate

Second, I cloned the repo:

    cd ~/Documents

    git clone git@github.com:modilabs/formhub.git

Install the requirements:

    cd formhub

    pip install -r requirements.pip

If you don't already have a Java Runtime Environment installed this is
necessary for running ODK Validate. A *.jar file used to validate
XForms.

    sudo apt-get install default-jre

To create a database for your development server do the following:

    python manage.py syncdb

    python manage.py migrate

To install sample data for testing:
    
    NOTE: You must have created a user in the previous step

    python manage.py install_sample_data <username_created_in_syncdb>

    You can access the sample form and data via http://<your_server_address>:<port>/<username>/forms/good_eats

And now you should be ready to run the server:

    python manage.py runserver

Running Tests and Contributing
==============================

To run tests enter the following:

    python manage.py test

If you would like to contribute code please read:

https://github.com/modilabs/formhub/wiki/Contributing-Code-to-Formhub

Code Structure
==============

* odk_logger - This app serves XForms to ODK Collect and receives
  submissions from ODK Collect. This is a stand alone application.

* odk_viewer - This app provides a
  csv and xls export of the data stored in odk_logger. This app uses a
  data dictionary as produced by pyxform. It also provides a map and
  single survey view.

* main - This app is the glue that brings odk_logger and odk_viewer
  together.

In general, I think breaking these pieces into separate applications
has been a mistake. I think we should move to having all of the code
for formhub in a single Django application.
